Google VR SDK
=====================
Copyright (c) 2016 Google Inc.  All rights reserved.

[https://developers.google.com/vr/android/get-started](https://developers.google.com/vr/android/get-started)

The Google VR SDKs let you build experiences for Daydream and Cardboard (Android and iOS). Our SDKs simplify common VR development tasks so you can focus on building your new immersive experience.

## SDKs
#### [Google VR SDK for Android](https://developers.google.com/vr/android)
Build apps that display 3D scenes with binocular rendering, render spatial audio, track and react to head movements, and interact with apps through trigger input.

## Start your own project
**Using Android Studio**  
After you've read up on the Google VR SDK for Android, it'll be time to create your own applications. Here's how.

 1. First, grab all the required .AAR files from the libraries folder of the sdk. To determine which .AARs you need to depend on, you can examine the build.gradle files of the various sample
apps. For example,samples/treasurehunt/build.gradle's dependency section has the following entries:  
```
dependencies {
  compile project(':libraries-audio')
  compile project(':libraries-common')
  compile project(':libraries-core')
}
```

This indicates that an application similar to the Treasure Hunt sample needs the audio, common, and core libraries.  
 2.  Create new modules for each of these libraries. Using Android Studio's GUI, this can be done via `File` -> `New` -> `New Module`. Select Import `.JAR/.AAR` Package. Locate one of the `.AARs` and import it.  
 3.  Then add this new module as a dependency to your main app via `File` > `Project Structure` > `Modules` (on the left side's section list) > `YOUR APP's MODULE NAME` > Dependencies (on the right side's tab list) -> '+' -> Module Dependency.  

Once this is done for all of the required libraries, you will be able to reference code in the Google VR SDK in your app.   
**Directly using Gradle**  
Using the steps above will cause Android Studio to generate new modules and edit your .gradle files automatically. Alternatively, you can directly include the .AARs in your application's module by editing that specific module's build.gradlefile and adding the following entries:  
```
dependencies {
  compile(name:'audio', ext:'aar')
  compile(name:'common', ext:'aar')
  compile(name:'core', ext:'aar')
}

repositories{
  flatDir{
    dirs 'libs'
  }
}
```
This will tell Gradle to look in the libs subdirectory of your module for the three `.AARs`. Create that libs subdirectory inside your module's directory and copy the `.AARs` there. You will need to repeat this for every module that uses those .AARs which will lead to many duplicate `.AARs` as your project becomes more complex.

## Embedding VR view
VR view allows you to embed 360 degree VR media into websites on desktop and mobile, and native apps on Android and iOS. This technology is designed to enable developers of traditional 

VR view 允许您将360度虚拟媒体嵌入桌面和移动网站,Android和iOS上和本地应用程序。这项技术的目的是使开发人员将传统应用提高为身临其境的内容。

apps to enhance the apps with immersive content. For example, VR view makes it easy for a travel app to provide viewers with an underwater scuba diving tour as they plan a vacation or for a 

例如,虚拟视图使旅行应用程序更容易为观众提供一个水下潜水之旅,他们制造 一个假期或建筑 给潜在买家从而建立虚拟漫游在家里。

## Image specifications
VR view images can be stored as png, jpeg, or gif. We recommend you use jpeg for improved compression.
For maximum compatibility and performance, image dimensions should be powers of two (e.g., 2048 or 4096).

## Video specifications
VR view videos should be stored as mp4s encoded with h264.  
Some older devices cannot decode video larger than 1080p (1920x1080). If maximum compatibility and quality is a priority, we recommend that users provide both a monoscopic 1920x1080 video and a stereo video at 2048x2048 or higher.

## Media capture and hosting - 媒体捕获和托管
VR view is a “client side” display technology and is intentionally independent of the technologies used to capture or host the 360 VR content. The following are some basic guidelines for how to capture and host content that will be compatible with VR view.  

虚拟现实的观点是“客户端”显示技术和故意的独立技术用于捕获或主办360年虚拟现实内容。以下是一些基本的指南如何捕获和主机将兼容虚拟视图的内容。

## Real world capture-现实世界中捕获
Taking 360 photos and videos is increasingly easy and affordable. VR view can use images generated by any camera that supports the equirect-pano format described above. For users interested in getting started quickly, a few of our favorite solutions are listed below:  

360照片和视频越来越容易的和负担得起的。虚拟视图可以使用图像生成的任何相机支持上述equirect-pano格式。为用户迅速开始感兴趣,下面列出了一些我们最喜欢的解决方案:

 * [Cardboard Camera App](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.vr.cyclops&hl=en): This free app for Android allows users to quickly capture stereo 360 images.  
[Ricoh Theta](https://theta360.com/en/): A very popular, relatively inexpensive solution for capturing mono 360 images and videos.

## CG capture-CG捕获
Imagery for VR view isn’t limited to captures from the real world. CGI software can generate 360 images and videos for everything from architectural walkthroughs to movie previews. Some of our most popular capture solutions are listed below:  

VR view的图像不仅限于捕获从真实的世界。CGI软件可以生成360度图片和视频 从建筑模型或电影预告片。下面列出了我们的一些最受欢迎的获取解决方案:  

 * [360 Panorama Capture for Unity](https://www.assetstore.unity3d.com/en/#!/content/38755): A free, easy to use 360 capture plugin for Unity.
 * [Unreal](https://www.unrealengine.com/): The latest version of UE4 has built-in 360 capture solutions.
 * [Domemaster3D for Maya](http://www.andrewhazelden.com/blog/2012/04/domemaster3d-stereoscopic-shader-for-autodesk-maya/): A free solution for capturing mono and stereo 360 images from Maya.
 * [Renderman](https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B0lYKpimsJgWfjFwa2xLQlVGNnJXcGxvbmNJbzIwUkRWQ2YtOHB5blNMNjlXSUlxbmJNVVU&usp=drive_web): Open source library for capturing 360 content.
 * [Rendering Omnidirectional Stereo Content](https://developers.google.com/cardboard/jump/rendering-ods-content.pdf): A whitepaper for anyone interested in writing their own 360 
